[Internal] Added `databricks_quality_monitor` resource and `databricks_volumes` data source to plugin framework (#3958)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: CONTRIBUTING.md

After installing the necessary software for building provider from sources, you should be able to run `make coverage` to run the tests and see the coverage.

## Developing Resources or Data Sources using Plugin Framework 

### Package organization for Providers
We are migrating the resource from SDKv2 to Plugin Framework provider and hence both of them exist in the codebase. For uniform code convention, readability and development, they are organized in the `internal/providers` directory under root as follows: 
- `providers`: Contains the changes that `depends` on both internal/providers/sdkv2 and internal/providers/pluginfw packages, eg: `GetProviderServer`.
- `common`: Contains the changes `used by` both internal/providers/sdkv2 and internal/providers/pluginfw packages, eg: `ProviderName`.
- `pluginfw`: Contains the changes specific to Plugin Framework. This package shouldn't depend on sdkv2 or common.
- `sdkv2`: Contains the changes specific to SDKv2. This package shouldn't depend on pluginfw or common.

### Migrating resource to plugin framework

> Ideally there shouldn't be any behaviour change when migrating a resource or data source to either Go SDk or Plugin Framework. - Please make sure there are no breaking differences due to changes in schema by running: `make diff-schema`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally there shouldn't be any behaviour change when migrating a resource or data source to either Go SDk or Plugin Framework.
- Please make sure there are no breaking differences due to changes in schema by running: `make diff-schema`. 
```

- Integration tests shouldn't require any major changes.   

### Code Organization

> Each resource should go into it's separate package eg: `volume` package will contain both resource, data sources and other utils specific to volumes. Tests (both unit and integration tests) will also remain in this package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each resource and data source should be defined in package `internal/providers/pluginfw/resources/<resource>`, e.g.: `internal/providers/pluginfw/resources/volume` package will contain both resource, data sources and other utils specific to volumes. Tests (both unit and integration tests) will also remain in this package. 
```
